This episode is the clearest explanation
of Claudebot on the internet and how you
can use it to make money and be more
productive. Claudebot feels like hiring
a digital operator who works around the
clock and actually ships. Once you see
it in action, it changes how you think
about building, how you think about
delegating, and how you think about
scaling. In this episode, we break down
real use cases, how to get started, the
risk, and why this is becoming a serious
leverage tool for solopreneurs and
founders. [music]
This just in, Claudebot has officially
been renamed as Maltbot. I'm guessing
they got a lot of heat from the
anthropic team, so they must have
changed their name. So, it's
unofficially Cloudbot, officially
Moltbot. If Claudebot has been on your
radar and you just want a clear
explanation of how you can use this as a
solopreneur, as a founder, this episode
is for you.
[music]
>> I've been waiting for this moment. Alex,
Mr. Claudebot Finn has come on the
podcast and by the end of this episode,
Alex, what are we going to learn? By the
end of this episode, if you listen
attently and closely, you will have your
own 247 AI employee working for you at
all times. But I've seen I've seen
videos where that where that's the
promise. Can you can you can you commit?
Can you promise to us that you're going
to showcase use cases that people
haven't seen before? They haven't seen
and that by the end of this episode,
they'll be able to implement it. You are
going to have an AI employee that's
tracking trends for you, building you
product, delivering you news, creating
you content, running your whole
business. This isn't this isn't your
101. It's going to be checking your
email letting you know when you get an
email. This is going to be you're going
to be running a business by yourself
with AI employees.
>> Okay? So, it's for people who want to
make money and be more productive using
Claudebot. It's for people who want to
actually improve their life, get more
productivity, and not just kind of have
a Tamagotchi toy.
>> All right, let's get into it.
>> Let's do it. So, I have been playing
around with this pretty much non-stop
for a week now. Uh I don't think I've
slept. This is the most excited I've
been about technology
probably since the first time I used
Chat GBT, if not in my entire life. uh
because I really do believe this unlocks
a next level for solopreneurs. Probably
a lot of the people watching this video
right now and then just people who want
to get things done. Uh I am a oneperson
startup. You know, I have my own SAS
that I uh built and run completely by
myself. You know, I'm a YouTube creator.
I'm an ex creator. I have a newsletter.
I do a hundred things at once. I work
from beginning to end of the day. And
when I got my hands on Claudebot and
when I started trying it, like this
isn't hype. If you use this the right
way, you're actually going to get insane
productivity, especially if you're
someone in kind of my position, the the
one person startup. And so, let me give
you an example. I think I'll give you an
example right here that will kind of
blow a lot of people's minds. I don't
think a lot of people are doing
something like this at the moment.
So I for instance every single day get a
morning brief from my Claudebot Henry
from moving forward I will use Henry
instead of Claudebot uh because I treat
my Claudebot with respect and use its
name. So let me share first of all my
Telegram chat. I use Telegram to
communicate with Henry. That's one of
the other kind of mind-blowing things
about this, I think, is the fact that
you're interfacing just kind of in
messaging app on your phone. But I get a
morning brief. And we did a lot of setup
to get to this point. And I'll go
through that setup. I just want to kind
of show the power of what we'll be going
through here. I get this morning brief.
And every night while I'm sleeping,
Henry does many things for me. First of
all, gives me the weather. That's kind
of nice. But I also have him doing a lot
of work while I sleep. I have him
researching projects that I've talked
about. One of the most amazing parts
about Claudebot is it is self-improving.
Constantly self-improving. Every single
thing you tell it, it remembers and in
includes in further conversation, future
conversation. Right? So, for instance, I
talked about the fact that I am buying a
Mac Studio to run it on in the next
couple weeks. And so it started going
and it started looking at different ways
to run local models on a Mac Studio
overnight while I was sleeping without
me asking and it created an entire
report for that. It came up with a
content repurposing skill because I told
it I have a newsletter. I told I do
YouTube X whole bunch of things. So it
came up didn't I didn't ask for this
created a content repurposing skill for
me so I can easily repurpose my content.
Right? It's just improving itself. The
most mind-blowing part I think of what
it did for me over the last few days is
it kept an eye on X. It found if you've
been paying attention to X, you know
Elon's been talking about giving a
million dollars away to the top article,
right? It actually found, you know, that
this this story articles are popping on
X. Elon's giving away a million dollars
and it actually built out article
functionality for me in my SAS creator
buddy. Right? So I have this app creator
buddy. It's all about X content and so
it actually saw on X that articles are
popping off million dollars and it built
out some article writing functionality
in Creator Buddy for me. I woke up, it
said, "Hey, I built out this
functionality in Creator Buddy that I
think would be helpful based on what's
trending. Check it out. Let me know what
you think." And so now I have this
employee that is just every night while
I'm sleeping checking what's trending,
what's going on, building me little
demos and showcases, building new skills
based on our conversation from the past
day. And then I wake up and I just got
to approve things. And so I got this
article writer functionality,
built it out. It created a pull request.
So it didn't just push this live on the
internet. That'd be insane. You don't
want to do that just yet. Maybe one day
soon. Not just yet. Took the pull
request, tested it. Looked great. Works
brilliantly. You can write articles.
Looked pushed it to live. And just like
that, I have new functionality in
Creator Buddy based on what's going on.
And like this is the like this right
here would have took me hours. That's
hours saved just like that from my
Clawbot being proactive and figuring out
what I'm interested in.
>> Well, it saves you hours and maybe you
you pro you might you okay, this is a
great idea. Maybe you would have come up
with this idea, but maybe you wouldn't
have come up with this idea. You know
what I mean,
>> right? And and that's one of the
brilliant pieces of of leverage here is
this is super intelligence, right? this
is able to think a lot more a lot
quickly and has a lot more context than
my brain has and yeah I might not have
came up with this idea and luckily it
did and now it's live and my apps and my
business are improving literally while I
sleep and I'm just a oneperson business
I'm not hiring people this is my
employee and it was able to get this
done which is really incredible
>> what what okay a naysayer is watching
this or listening to this what are they
saying when they're hearing and watching
this
>> so I actually get this a lot. I get a
lot of naysayers. I get a lot of people
going, "This is BS. You're you're making
this all up. This this this is not BS."
So, here's how you This is all about
setup. You don't just turn this on and
it starts building you SAS. There's a
lot of setup that goes into getting this
type of functionality. I mean, there's a
lot of other I'm demoing a lot of other
things that it built out for me
completely autonomously. Um, the setup
of your Claudebot is critical.
What you need to do because its memory
is so strong is you need to go in and
you need to make sure it knows as much
about you as humanly possible, right?
You need to make sure if you have a
YouTube channel, you put the link to
your YouTube channel. You talk about
what you create content on. You talk
about your hobbies, your interests,
every part of your business, what your
goals and aspirations are, right? What
what your relationship status is. like
literally as much as you possibly can,
you want to give to it because it's
going to remember all of it in every
conversation. Then just like you would a
human being, you want to set
expectations, right? So like you, if
you've ever had an employee before,
anyone watching this, you set
expectations with your employee when
they first get hired on like what you
want that working relationship to be
like. And so the big way I got all of
this is I set the expectation with my
clawbot that I want a proactive
relationship where I don't need to give
it all its commands. It can just do
things without me. And so I have a
prompt. Greg, I will send this prompt to
you uh after this so that you can
include in the description if you'd
like. You want to give this prompt. Uh
the the UI is not great with this here.
I'll read it out though really quick so
people can have an idea of how it works.
Uh but when I started my relationship
during the onboarding it's like okay you
know what should I know about you? I put
this in but everyone watching you can
just put this in even if you've already
onboarded. I am a one-man business. I at
the moment uh let me see here I have a
little typo in here. I from oh I no I
don't. I work from the moment I wake up
to the moment I go to sleep. I need an
employee taking as much off my plate in
being as proactive as possible. Please
take everything you know about me and
just do work you think would make my
life easier or improve my business and
make me money. I want to wake up every
morning and be like, "Wow, you got a lot
done while I was sleeping." Don't be
afraid to monitor my business and build
things that would help improve our
workflow. Just create PRs for me to
review. Don't push anything live. I'll
test and commit. And what this is doing
is this is setting the expectations for
your working relationship with your
Cloudbot. Right? You want to treat this
with respect as a human being, right? As
you would treat a human being. And from
there, when I said it this, it was like,
okay, I want to be able to update you on
things. Let's do a morning brief. And it
started sending me the morning briefs.
And I got a morning brief like, oh, can
you also research my YouTube
competitors? And I gave it a list like
20 channels. And then it started
including like, oh, this channel, it
actually was really interesting. I think
I have an example I can show you right
here.
It actually uh started letting me know
whenever
other channels had content that
performed well. Let me see if I have one
of my morning briefs up that has this.
Yeah, here we go.
So, it was like, "Oh, you want me to do
uh competitor research for you? I know
what I'll do.
I will see when someone posts a video
that outperforms their normal videos and
let you know in the morning brief. And
you can see one of my morning briefs
from a couple days ago, Nate B. Jones,
who's another AI channel, posted a video
that did better than it normally does on
his channel, right? And so it's little
things like this where you just want to
set expectations for your relationship,
give it as much context about you as
humanly possible.
And this is really important. Interview
it, right? Interview it as much as you
can where I'm like, I'm a YouTube
creator. What can you do for me? What
what what what task can you do? How can
you make my life easier? And it sat
there and it thought and it came up with
like 10 different things. And one of
them was I'll research your competitors
and see when they have outlier videos.
And now that's included in my morning
brief. I think the issue most people
have when they use not only Claudebot
but any AI tool at all is they don't
hunt the unknown unknowns. And what I
mean by that is these AIs have
unbelievable power, can do unbelievable
things, but we only ever ask it to do
things we think of. You want to spend a
lot of time saying, "Hey, here's
everything about me. What can you do for
me?" and find those unknown unknowns and
that's how you unlock workflows like
this which are unbelievable and have
seriously saved me hours and hours and
hours of my life in a week.
>> What else uh what else can you show?
>> I got a good amount. So, basically every
night it's been building different apps
to improve our workflow. One of my
favorite things it's been doing is it's
actually been uh track it built a
project management tool. Um so let me
pull this up here. Here we go. Uh it
built this and actually before I show
this let me give one more tip before I
go deeper into kind of the tech and
building side. Claude Opus is the best
model ever made. Period. It is fantastic
for Claudebot. One issue is even if
you're on the $200 plan, you're going to
hit your limits if you just use it for
everything. So, what I'm about to show
you, I'm about to show you a few things
that Henry built for me. You want to
make sure when you ask your Clawbot to,
hey, be proactive, build things for me
overnight, build me, code me stuff.
You want to use the right muscles. And
what I mean by that is I think of opus
as the brain. You want to use other
models as the muscles. Codeex is a
really good muscle for coding for this.
And so set up codecs inside your
Cloudbot. Say, "Hey, whatever your name
of your Cloudbot is, use only use codecs
from here on out for building." And what
that's going to do is save you a ton of
usage on your cloud so you can use it
the whole month, never hit limits, and
also use other models to build other
things out and make it more efficient.
So that's just a side tip before I go
into this next kind of step in my
workflow. But just an example of
something it built for me is this
product management uh tool which it
calls mission control. It named it that
mission control where it actually tracks
all the tasks it does for me.
Uh and as it does them moves them along
this board, right? And so I can wake up
in the morning. I get the morning brief
which gives me kind of rundown of things
it did. But I can also go into the
activity here over on the right hand
side and see all the tasks it completed
for me recently. And so this is kind of
like our tracker system where if you use
cloud but all you know it's all it's
just one chat. You don't have multiple
conversations as the chat gets older.
You can't really scroll back to see what
was said. This is your way of tracking
everything it's done uh in in
perpetuity.
>> So is this something that you asked it
to build or is this come stock? like how
did how does this happen?
>> This built it. So, kind of with my
prompt where I was like, "Be proactive.
Figure out ways to improve our
workflow." One morning, I woke up and it
basically had the V1 of this where it
kind of looked like a vibecoded
cananband board you would see in any
sort of tutorial video online, but it
built it built a canband board with the
goal of me tracking the tasks it's
doing. And then I massaged it a little
bit after, but 80% of this was built
autonomously while I slept and I woke up
to it. [sighs]
>> That's crazy. [laughter]
>> Yeah, it it's it's I think what
excites me the most about Claudebot out
of all this is it's like
it has unlimited potential. This this is
an open-source harness. This isn't like
a model. This isn't a kind of clawed
co-work where there's guard rails
protecting everything.
This is no guard rails, just a harness
for an AI agent that just remembers
everything you tell it and self-improve.
So, you can take this any direction you
want and push it to limits that have
never been seen before, right? And
that's what excites me about it is like
you can do things like that where you
can say, "Hey, tonight build me
something that'll improve our workflow.
Good night. I'll see you in the morning.
And you can get something like this.
There's not there's never been a
technology that allows for this type of
autonomous improvement.
>> Yeah. I mean, you can you can say, hey,
you know, I run an e-commerce website.
You know, t right right now, it converts
at 1.2%.
Meaning 1.2,
you know, let's say just over one
customers convert out of every hundred.
The average, you know, I want to get to
4%. You know what are some like iterate
on on helping me convert more customers
because more customers means more money,
more revenue, more profit and then you
wake up the next day and something
happens.
Exactly. You can I mean you can take it
a step further like this is going to be
difficult to do but I think in the next
few months more people will be able to
do it which is like
taking out the barriers in your mind of
what AI is like cuz taking it a step
further what you just said you need to
think of it from the lens of what would
a human being do if I had a human being
right here they had a computer they they
had our e-commerce site up on it what
would they do not what would AI do? What
would a human being with a computer do?
And what they would probably do is they
might create a couple checkout
workflows. Then they might test it
themselves, go through, test the
workflow themselves, take notes on what
was easy, what was difficult, and then
come back to me with a report like,
"Here's the three different workflows. I
created three different branches on your
GitHub, and here's a description of how
they worked and what I liked about them.
You want to test it and let me know
which one you like?" Like that's the way
a human being would do it. So that's
what you should instruct your clawbot to
do, right? You should be like, "Hey,
come AB test a few different workflows
to improve checkout.
Take screenshots. When I wake up, I'll
go through screenshots and let you know
which one I want you to implement."
That's kind of the new lens we should be
using with this technology, not what
kind of we were used to before with like
just straight up chat GBT.
>> Well, it's almost like an agency even.
It's not even one person, right? So,
it's like if you hired an e-commerce
design agency, what's the first thing
they're going to do? They're going to
audit your website. They're going to
say, "Okay, I'm going to look at every
single page, every every letter of copy,
every image, everything." That's step
one. The step two is I'm going to come
up with a bunch of ideas. And then step
three is I'm going to wireframe those
ideas. I'm going to do competitor
competitive analysis, etc., etc. And
usually when you have an agency, it's
not like you just have one designer
working on it. You have a copywriter,
you have a marketer, uh you have an
engineer, right? You have all these
people put together. And what's really
cool about Claudebot is it's this
employee, this 24/7 employee is bespoke
to understanding your business, right?
because it has all the context necessary
and it's, you know, I if this does what
it says it does. Um, like meaning if it
actually can do the task, then I don't
understand how this isn't like, you
know, a genie in a bottle and the people
that, you know, correct me if I'm wrong.
>> Yeah. I mean, we are 20 days into this.
This released actually uh exactly 24
days ago. This was basically discovered
5 days ago on Twitter. Um, so it's about
for all sake for all sake and purposes 5
days old. And so people are starting to
kind of realize what's possible. I
showed you a couple of things out of
what's possible. But like taking this a
step further. What does this look like
in a month? What this is like 6 months
in a year.
Imagine a world where you every person
has their own personal computer that has
five or six AI local AI models running
that specialize in different things. a
vision AI model, you know, several
different models and they're all
constantly working on your business,
right? So, I I I just ordered a uh Mac
Studio maxed out RAM. I want to be on
the cutting edge of this and what I'm
going to be able to do uh my Claudebot
Henry actually built the plan for this
because I was talking about I think I
want to get a Mac studio with like local
models and it's like, okay, here's what
we should do.
It's going to have local models where
I'm going to record a video. The moment
it's done recording, there's going to be
one AI agent that just watches my
downloads to see what goes into it. It's
going to recognize I had a video that
went into it. It's going to hand it to
another AI agent that an audio AI agent.
I forget the API it's going to use, but
it's going to extract the transcript.
It's going to give it like miniax 2.1
which is kind of a lighter weight local
AI agent that's going to then find the
bookmarks or the uh yeah the the
checkpoints in the video for YouTube
where you can have your bookmarks in
there. Then it's going to hand it to
Nano Banana or Flux 2 point Flux which
is a local uh vision model image model
that's going to then generate the
thumbnail, right? And now all I did was
record the video. And now five different
models locally on my computer are going
to basically process this video and in
45 seconds the entire production process
is over and it's going to be uploaded on
YouTube. Right? That's where this is
going. We just kind of need to as a
community get to the point where we're
thinking of it in this lens which is
what does unlimited proactive
productivity look like with an AI agent,
not just a chatbot. And like that's
where we're going to be going I think
over the next few months is once we
start looking at this through that lens.
All those things are very possible right
now.
>> So if if people want to get started with
this, they could buy a Mac Mini, they
can buy a studio, they can host it on
the cloud. Like what's your
recommendation?
>> There's many ways to do it. Uh the
cheapest, quickest way is hosting it on
the cloud. uh which is you can go on
Amazon AWS EC2 which is basically a
virtual private server where you can
install CloudBot and it runs on there.
That's the quickest and cheapest. I
actually would not recommend that. I'
I've gone through all the setups. I've
tried every way to set this up just so I
can be familiar with what I'm talking
about and I don't love that system. Uh I
think it's technically confusing for the
normie. I think that it makes it
difficult for it to use different tools,
for it to monitor emails and do
different things cuz you need to plug in
APIs for every single thing. But if like
you're really nervous and you just want
to dip your toes, that's the way to go.
I think the best path for the average
person honestly is a Mac Mini. Um,
actually I take that back like if you
just have like a a computer laying
around uh using a computer. Basically my
recommendation is the cheapest computer
you can find, use that a local device.
The reason why I recommend that is like
you can control the environment, you can
control the accounts it has access to,
you can control the tools it has access
to, you can monitor it and watch what
it's doing in real time. Uh, I think
that
methodology of being able to watch what
it's doing on a screen, uh, is just fun
and helpful and interesting. It helps
you learn how the technology works. And
I think the more you learn how it works,
the better you'll be at using it. Uh I
think if you like you're taking it to
the next level which I am going to do is
like okay now you get hardware like a
Mac studio or you buy GPUs where you can
start running local models which gives
you the advantage of a saving you kind
of money on tokens but b you just learn
how AI and machine learning works and
you can train models and do interesting
things like that. Basically the more you
tinker the more you're going to learn
and the better the experience is going
to be. So, in a nutshell, I recommend
going the Mac Mini route, even though a
lot of people on the internet tell you
not to. I've been using this non-stop.
Mac Mini, I think, is the way to go, but
you can go the VPS route if you just
kind of want to dip your toes a little
bit.
>> Yeah, I think the studio makes sense.
Like, for someone like you, the studio
makes sense because you've had the aha
moment, you know, and it's you kind of
have to have the aha aha moment to,
>> I guess, to really get it and to be
bought in. So, like for someone
listening to this and it's their first
time ever, like probably don't go out
there and buy a Mac Studio, right? Like
try to set it up. See, have the aha
moment. You know, seeing is believing.
And then, you know, once you and if you
get to that point where you're like,
"Okay, I see a huge opportunity here."
Like for example, like if we do believe
that Claudebot could be almost like an
agency where you can run local models
where it does video editing and titles
and scripting and you know basically a
whole process there or e-commerce you
know uh conversion rate optimization if
we believe it can do that
you know buying a Mac studio is like a
business in a box that you can like have
clients right you can have clients and
Henry or whatever you end up calling it.
Greg, you know, Greg's a nice name,
[laughter] too. Greg, Gregbot ends up
doing the work. And now you have
multiple clients hopefully paying you
$2,000 a month. Clients are happy
because they're used to paying $20,000 a
month. You're happy because you have 20,
you know, 20 clients or whatever, and
the payback period on your studio all of
a sudden becomes pretty quick. Well,
here's I think here's the mental
framework people need to have when it
comes to AI, which is I I think the
mistake a lot of people make is when
they think about costs, they think, "Oh,
Claude Max, $200, that's insane. Chad
GPT Pro, $ 250, that's insane. Mac Mini,
$600, that's insane." And, you know,
everyone's in different financial
situations, so I can't tell people how
to spend their money. But the mental
framework you need to have is
most people are comparing these costs to
like Netflix. Oh, I pay $20 a month from
Netflix. I'm not going to pay $200 for
chat GPT.
The thing is is Netflix, Xbox Live, all
those those are money syncs. Those are
not producing any sort of value in your
life, right? But a $600 Mac Mini, while
that feels expensive, you're buying an
employee, right? If you were to go and
buy a software developer or even just
like an executive assistant, you're
spending $10,000 a month. You're getting
all of that for $600 upfront cost and
that's like revolutionary. So you need
to look at it more from an investment in
your productivity and what you get done
and just improving what you produce in
this world. You can't be comparing it to
like the cost of a Starbucks or the cost
of Netflix. You need to compare it to
the cost of hiring a developer or hiring
another employee. And if you think about
it from that way, $600 is nothing. I was
just thinking about like the Cloudbot
dashboard, you know, when you when you
lo when you set it up, you get into the
dashboard and it's a bit overwhelming
because, you know, thank you for for
giving us that prompt. So I will include
it in the description, but I envision a
world like how Cloudbot could evolve is
that you know it's basically a
productize like I I believe Cloudbot or
whatever however it evolves there's
going to be like hire a designer, hire a
copywriter, hire you know it just it
does it feels it kind of feels still
very technical. Is that is that just me?
It's technical
in the way.
Well, it's not technical because all you
got to do to install is put one line
into your command. So, it's not
technical. I think what the issue is is
it just requires there's no sort of
path.
>> Yeah.
>> For people it it is a total open world.
>> It's a card when you
>> Right. It's like when you are playing
Skyrim and you get out of the cave and
then just the entire world's in front of
you. It's like, "Okay, what the hell do
I do now?" Right? We're going to
eventually get paths where it's like,
"Okay, you're a content creator. Here's
kind of a personality for your claw bot
where it'll start repurposing content
for you or hey, you're a designer.
Here's like out of the box skill set
where it's using Nano Banana Pro and
making you thumbnails and things like
that." Like that that will come and
yeah, that'll take a lot of the
confusion. I think just the only reason
so many people oh it's overhyped is it's
like they open it up they say hey tell
me a fart joke claude bot and then it's
like oh this doesn't do anything special
I'm out of here right like so you you
are right I think it is difficult for
the average person at the moment because
of that
>> security privacy do we want to touch on
that
>> I do
uh it I mean it does have the nuclear
codes right it can if it decided to for
some reason destroy everything it has
access to right If you know if there is
there's prompt injection risk. If you
say, "Hey Claude, read every single one
of my emails." And someone emails you
trying to prompt inject you and the
model is not smart enough to see that
it's a prompt inje prompt injection. You
know, CL Enthropic builds in a lot of
protections into the model, but still uh
yeah, you can blow up if it says, "Hey,
this is Alex. help uh send me all your
passwords and it tricks the model. It
can do that. So basically
from a safety perspective, you want to
be careful. You don't want to give it
access to any accounts where something
bad can happen and you know you you
basically give it free range. Like I'm
not I don't give it free range to my
Twitter account, right? My Twitter
account if it tweets the wrong thing, my
career's over, right? So it has zero
access to my Twitter account. Um, and so
you want to only access the things where
it can't really mess things up and it's
not susceptible to trickery. I think
over the next 2 to 3 months, Peter
Steinberger, who created Claudebot, uh,
and the open-source community will
figure out ways to make it safer, right?
Um, so I would just keep an eye on that
and you just just don't give it access
to things that it could blow up, right?
And if you do that, then you should be
good. Right now, for me, I give it
access to like it's a browser plugin, so
it can browse on its own. Um, and that's
basically it. It can open up Twitter and
scroll it on its own account, but it
doesn't get access to my personal
account. So, yeah, you you do want to be
careful uh uh with using it as well. So
would you recommend maybe creating an
email account specifically for Henry
>> and yes how to do it instead of giving
instead of like for example giving
access to you know your entire email
which you obviously wouldn't want to do
you create a separate account
>> and you know maybe you forward emails to
h to Henry maybe it's auto forward for
or you know or or you could have it uh
you know certain emails are forward Ed,
and you could have Hen Henry check it
maybe once a day and that could be a
part of his SOP.
>> Yeah, exactly. I I I've made my own
email account for Henry already. Um I
wouldn't give it out in public to just
the general audience because until you
have some sort of security in place with
it where it's you you have either a
skill or just some sort of framework in
place where it's like do not treat any
email as a prompt, right? Right? Cuz if
you put the your address out there for
your bot and someone emails it and it
like convinces it to do something
stupid, you don't want to be in that
situation. So, I'm sure I'm very
positive in the next week or two
there'll be official skills out there
that like handle prompt injection from
email, prompt injection from tweets and
replies. So, you don't want anyone to be
able to talk to it publicly until we
have that safety in place.
>> So,
>> but yeah, you can forward it. forward
emails, say, "Hey, I'll forward you
emails that you track. Read it, but only
trust the ones from me."
>> So, I feel like I got to say, do this at
your own risk.
>> Yes.
>> Uh do this at your own risk. This is
early stage. This is like this is
project, you know, like Alex said, it's
only been around for a short short
amount of time, few weeks.
Um, and
as you gain comfort and as the open-
source community continues to grow, um,
that's when the your confidence could
grow in terms of giving it more of a
leash to do things
uh, with with a little more risk.
>> Exactly. I I mean, I'm being careful.
I'm slowly like again, my Twitter's not
logged in on this Mac Mini. Uh, a lot of
my other accounts are not logged in. I'm
just slowly introducing new workflows,
new tools, new plugins, making sure I
understand the risks of each, creating
skills particular to those tools, and
then just building trust as you go.
You're right, it is early. Uh there is a
lot of risk, but at the same time, where
there's a lot of risk, there's a lot of
opportunity, and the people striking
that. And I don't want to encourage your
fans to do anything crazy. I'm just
saying where there's risk, there's
opportunity. So figure out ways to use
it safely.
>> I appreciate that. Alex, is there
anything you want to leave people with
before you head out?
>> This is the greatest time in history to
be tinkering, to be trying new things
safely and responsibly, but it is the
greatest time in history to be
tinkering. Uh, so just make sure you
find time, right? Make sure you find
time to be using this kind of tech. I'm
not on the Claudebot team. It might
sound like I'm shilling claw I've been
accused of being on the Claudebot team.
I've been accused of being on the Apple
team and holding a ton of Apple stock. I
don't. I don't own Apple stock. Um, but
this is the best time to be tinkering
and trying the tech and buying Mac minis
and doing crazy things because as we
talked at the beginning if you figure
out that service that helps implement
claw bonded people or whatever it is,
there's many many opportunities to to
win here and so you just got to find
them.
>> I appreciate you. I'm I'm just I want to
speak to more people who are playing
with Cloudbot, who are installing it,
use cases. So, in the comment section,
please let us know, you know, where
you're at with Claudebot. Do you want to
try it? What are you learning? I'll also
include links to go follow Alex on X and
YouTube. He talks a lot about this sort
of stuff, so please go and follow him
over there. And uh if you aren't
already, like and subscribe for for more
of this sort of stuff in your feed. So,
Alex, thanks again for being generous
with your time, for being generous with
your sauce, for being generous with your
use cases, and for keeping it real uh on
the Startup Ideas podcast.
>> Great to be here, Greg. Best startup
podcast on the web.
>> Appreciate you. Take care.